
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit the README.Rmd file -->

# Lab report \#1

Follow the instructions posted at
<https://ds202-at-isu.github.io/labs.html> for the lab assignment. The
work is meant to be finished during the lab time, but you have time
until Monday evening to polish things.

Include your answers in this document (Rmd file). Make sure that it
knits properly (into the md file). Upload both the Rmd and the md file
to your repository.

All submissions to the github repo will be automatically uploaded for
grading once the due date is passed. Submit a link to your repository on
Canvas (only one submission per team) to signal to the instructors that
you are done with your submission.

This is a line from RStudio

This is a line from RStudio - AE

Answers:

12.1 - Olivia and Alexa: I had no problems with accessing the test
repository given to us and had already completed all the steps to add
git into my studio and configure it

12.2 - Olivia and Alexa: we did not need to create a test repo because
we were given one so creating and initializing it was not a problem

12.3 - Olivia and Alexa: because there were no problems with configuring
my GitHub to my git in RStuio, the file cloned into my RStudio
correctly, and I didnâ€™t have any issues

12.4 - Olivia and Alexa: I had a little finding the git tab and the
commit button, but other than user awareness, there were no problems on
my part creating a commit and writing a message.

12.5 - Olivia: when doing the push, it initially did not want to allow
me to, but after creating an access token and adding that to my Rstudio,
it let me commit and push it Alexa: I did not have any problems doing a
push. It me link my git and GitHub. I did not have to make an access
token.

12.6 - Olivia and Alexa: I was able to see the commit and the message in
the readme file

12.7 - not completing this step per instructions
